Cai Fangmei, stop talking nonsense here
My brother-in-law is no trash
Lin Xuanying
It's not that I look down on your brother-in-law
Look at his age
Get nowhere
You know how to ride a broken electric car when you go out
Look at my boyfriend
The same age
Look what kind of car he drives.
What car does my brother-in-law drive?
What does it have to do with you?
If you
I might be dumped in a few months
I can't
What are you talking about?
Why are you so cheap?
If you dare to touch her again, try it.
Ah Cheng, look at this trash
He bullies me.
You two get on your knees and apologize right now
I'll settle the bill for you later.
What are you doing?
Mr. Chen, your car
Ah, it's you.
Yes, time.
I'll give you an explanation now.
Someone pull it down